Docsite: add Community guide (#177)
ansible-community/antsibull-changelog: docs/community.md

Reviewer: This document is missing a copyright / license statement. Check out the other MD files.

# Community

We welcome your feedback, questions and ideas. Here's how to reach the community.

## Forum

Join the [Ansible Forum](https://forum.ansible.com) as a single starting point and our default communication platform for questions and help, development discussions, events, and much more. [Register](https://forum.ansible.com/signup?) to join the community. Search by categories and tags to find interesting topics or start a new one; subscribe only to topics you need!

> * [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others. Please add appropriate tags if you start new discussions, for example `antsibull`.

Reviewer: I don't think Get Help makes sense here. Collection Development is way better suited as users of antsibull-changelog will almost always be collection developers.

Author: we should rename it to "Give Help" here:) anyway, SGTM

* [Posts tagged with 'antsibull'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/antsibull): subscribe to participate in project-related conversations.
* [Social Spaces](https://forum.ansible.com/c/chat/4): gather and interact with fellow enthusiasts.
* [News & Announcements](https://forum.ansible.com/c/news/5): track project-wide announcements including social events. The [Bullhorn newsletter](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/communication.html#the-bullhorn), which is used to announce releases and important changes, can also be found here.

> For more information on the forum navigation, see [Navigating the Ansible forum](https://forum.ansible.com/t/navigating-the-ansible-forum-tags-categories-and-concepts/39) post.

Reviewer: There should be a second section in this document that references the Antsibull Matrix room (`#antsibull:ansible.com`).

<!--
Copyright (c) Ansible Project
GNU General Public License v3.0+ (see LICENSES/GPL-3.0-or-later.txt or https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt)
SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later
-->

# Community

We welcome your feedback, questions and ideas. Here's how to reach the community.

## Forum

> Join the [Ansible Forum](https://forum.ansible.com) as a single starting point and our default communication platform for questions and help, development discussions, events, and much more. [Register](https://forum.ansible.com/signup?) to join the community. Search by categories and tags to find interesting topics or start a new one; subscribe only to topics you need!

Reviewer: One-word link titles should be avoided (for accessibility reasons)..
```suggestion
Join the [Ansible Forum](https://forum.ansible.com) as a single starting point and our default communication platform for questions and help, development discussions, events, and much more. [Register on the Forum](https://forum.ansible.com/signup?) to join the community. Search by categories and tags to find interesting topics or start a new one; subscribe only to topics you need!
```

* [Posts tagged with 'antsibull'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/antsibull): subscribe to participate in project-related conversations.
* [Social Spaces](https://forum.ansible.com/c/chat/4): gather and interact with fellow enthusiasts.
* [News & Announcements](https://forum.ansible.com/c/news/5): track project-wide announcements including social events. The [Bullhorn newsletter](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/communication.html#the-bullhorn), which is used to announce releases and important changes, can also be found here.

For more information on the forum navigation, see the [Navigating the Ansible forum](https://forum.ansible.com/t/navigating-the-ansible-forum-tags-categories-and-concepts/39) post.

## Matrix

> For real-time interactions, join the [#antsibull:ansible.com](https://matrix.to/#/#antsibull:ansible.com) Matrix channel. See the [Ansible communication guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/communication.html#real-time-chat) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For real-time interactions, join the [#antsibull:ansible.com Matrix room](https://matrix.to/#/#antsibull:ansible.com). See the [Ansible communication guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/communication.html#real-time-chat) for more information on Matrix.
```
